docs(gen): content harmonization (#4042)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/load-overflow-proxmox-and-elastic-metal/index.mdx

## Preparing Proxmox

> 1. Log into the Proxmox web interface and select your server in the data center view. Then click **Network** in the menu.

Reviewer: same here

> 1. Log into the Proxmox web interface and select your server in the data center view. Then click **Network** in the menu.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Log into the Proxmox web interface and select your server in the datacenter view. Then click **Network** in the menu.
```

2. Click **Create** > **Linux Bridge**. The configuration wizard displays. Enter a private IP for your Elastic Metal server in CIDR format. The **Bridge port** is the name of your primary network interface, followed by a dot and your VLAN-ID. Tick the boxes **Autostart** and **VLAN aware**, then click **Create** to create the bridge.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-px-create-linux-bridge.webp" alt="" />
3. Click **Apply configuration** to activate the new configuration.

> 4. Go to the **Data center** view and click **Create Cluster**.

Reviewer: same here

> 4. Go to the **Data center** view and click **Create Cluster**.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Go to the **Datacenter** view and click **Create Cluster**.
```

5. Enter a name for the cluster and select your Private Network bridge `vmbr1` as the cluster network. Then click **Create** to launch cluster creation.
6. Select the cluster in the cluster list and click **Join Information**. The cluster join information displays.
7. Click **Copy Information** to copy the cluster join information into the clipboard.

> 8. Go to the Proxmox interface of your second Elastic Metal server and click **Cluster** to enter the cluster configuration from the Data center view of the machine.

Reviewer: same here

> 8. Go to the Proxmox interface of your second Elastic Metal server and click **Cluster** to enter the cluster configuration from the Data center view of the machine.

Author: ```suggestion
8. Go to the Proxmox interface of your second Elastic Metal server and click **Cluster** to enter the cluster configuration from the Datacenter view of the machine.
```
